(Seoul Fried Chicken)
Ms. Sa Jin Jin!
Ms. Sa, you're in there, aren't you?
Ms. Sa, we just have a few questions.
Ms. Sa.
Please open up. We just want to ask a few questions.
She's not in?
No, I think she's inside.
But she's not letting us in.
Ms. Sa, please open up!
Ms. Sa, aren't you home?
We know you're in there!
- Ms. Sa! - Ms. Sa!
Please open up!
Please spare us a few minutes!
We'll be on our way after we ask a few questions.
- It won't hurt you. Please open up! - Ms. Sa!
It will only take a few minutes.
Ms. Sa, please open the door.
This will only take a few seconds.
Please let us in. We just want to ask a few questions.
Excuse me.
We know you're in there.
Please open the door.
The fried chicken.
Let us ask a few questions, and we'll be out of your hair.
How much is this?
Ms. Sa!
- We're not strangers. Open up. - Please hold on.
Please just spare us a few questions!
You're in there, aren't you?
Look here.
Who are you?
- We are reporters. -That doesn't give you the right!
Who are you to disrupt the peace?
Before I report you for trespassing and file a noise complaint,
you'd better leave!
- I'm sorry. When we... - Stop it. Leave now!
I don't want to hear it. Just get out!
- How could you be so rude? - We're sorry.
Get out right now!
But I think she's here.
- Ms. Sa! - Ms. Sa! Just...
- Ms. Sa! - Ms. Sa!
I told you to leave!
You're not going to leave?
Excuse me.
Here.
(Sa Jin Jin, Missing for 7 Hours)
Are you busy?
A bit.
This is bad. Jin Jin is getting tons of hate comments.
It's crawling with haters online.
- Really? - Should we pay her a visit?
I don't think she can get any sleep.
It's a report about the investment. Please have a positive mindset.
(National Chemicals Investment Report)
Let's take our time. Let us.
Please edit this part out. This can't air.
Please delete the whole footage. If it leaks, she'll be in trouble.
I'm sorry. Please. I'm begging you.
Gosh, you startled me.
You wanted me to get rid of the footage before.
I don't have it. I deleted it right away.
Please. Could you look for it one more time?
Please, I'm begging you.
I told you I don't have it.
You know that we can't air our show in Hong Kong, don't you?
We can't make the delivery from our end.
I'm sorry.
This is karma catching up.
Goodness.
- Do you not drink? - I like drinking.
You're probably harder on yourself at a time like this.
It comes naturally at your age.
You remind me of President Sung when he was young.
That's an old story. He's grown quite old.
He says he's lonely and that he wants to date.
Dating is nice.
I saw the news,
and I think we might have someone suitable for our needs soon.
- Who? - Her name is Sa Jin Jin.
Right. She's very sexy.
She's been on her high horse for all this time.
Do you think her starting fee would be about 30,000 dollars?
That's quite affordable.
- Should I ask around? - Yes, please!
Sir.
What? You want in on this too?
What a man.
Please...
excuse me.
- What is it? - President Gong.
What's the matter with him?
I'd like to take back my offer for the takeover...
of National Chemicals.
What's going on?
I think she's sleeping.
- We shouldn't have come. - Come on. Quiet.
Hey, if the hospital finds out, I'll be in big trouble. I have to...
Keep it down. You'll wake her up.
Gosh.
I'll sleep here, and you should sleep over there.
I'll just sleep on the floor. The floor is more comfortable.
- Then take this pillow. - Okay.
Why did you make me come here?
Okay, okay. Just get some sleep.
Yes!
- Yes! It's a giraffe! - It's a giraffe!
- Look! - Yes!
"Papa Giraffe protects Baby Giraffe."
- "So Daddy is a giraffe." - So Daddy is a giraffe.
In times of happiness or sadness, no matter what happens...
to you, Jin Jin,
- Daddy is going to protect you. - Let's play with them!
- Sure. I'm Papa Giraffe. - While I'm gone,
Jin Jin, Ah Reum, and Young Shim,
you should become giraffes...
- and be there for each other. - 1, 2, 3.
From Dad in Libya.
- Goodness. - What is this?
It differs by gender.
No way.
- Since we already ate everything... - Hey, let's do it together.
- Don't fall! - We need to exercise.
I knew it. It would break one day.
- We can save this! - Oh, no.
- You look too polite. - Then you should be...
Did you see? I'm the best.
Let's put earrings on this.
Since we're done eating...
Did you get some sleep?
I bet you couldn't sleep.
Oh, my. Go home, and sleep. Come on.
Precisely.
I couldn't sleep at all. My back hurts.
No, you snored like crazy last night.
This is an announcement for our residents.
Every Wednesday is the recycling day for residents in Seoul Mansion.
Please recycle on the scheduled days...
and make a clean environment for all of us.
Today is Wednesday?
(New messages)
(On air)
One who doesn't give up will fulfill one's dream.
She has finally answered our desperate prayers...
we made every Wednesday.
Everyone, she's going to make your hearts race so fast.
The segment, Special Date, begins now.
Please welcome, Sa Jin Jin.
Is this really happening?
I can't believe this is actually happening.
- It's so nice to meet you. - Hello, I'm Sa Jin Jin.
Sir, please turn up the volume. Hurry.
First of all, I must've surprised you all for showing up like this.
- No. - Not at all.
I'd like to apologize for showing up unannounced like this.
- Please don't. - No, no.
- That's nonsense. - Are you all right?
Every week, Master and I have been...
begging for you to star on our show.
- You heard our shows, didn't you? - Did this patient go somewhere?
- Of course, I did. - She went out to meet a friend.
- But... - A friend?
I heard that she drove here without her agent.
- Really? - Yes.
Hold on.
- Don't. I'd like to listen to this. - Support of my friends helped me.
All right. Two of your friends accompanied you to the studio.
One of your friends...
came straight here in her hospital gown.
Their friendship deserves our applause.
What an amazing friendship.
Before we start this fan meeting,
Jin Jin told me that there's something...
she wanted to say through our radio show.
- What is it about? - All right.
I'm sure you probably saw my name in the articles for the last two days.
Yes, we did.
I'd like to say it's not me in the video.
And what's more important is that...
I'm afraid the scandal might've hurt an innocent person,
and I'd like to apologize for that.
- That's true. - What's more is that...
I'd like to tell the public that women must not...
be criticized or vilified because of a video.
- Nothing's wrong with the video. - You're right.
The one who filmed and spread the video should be the one on trial.
To tell you the truth, I was also hurt deeply...
by an incident which mistreated me greatly.
Just like Jin Jin said,
the women are always the victims.
So I plan on catching whoever spread it and punish them dearly.
The friend who came with me is a very scary lawyer.
- I didn't know. - Me?
- I went to the OBGYN... - Yes?
to visit my friend over there at the hospital.
That's all there's to it.
I'll sue the reporters who printed vicious articles for defamation.
I won't settle.
This is all I wanted to say.
(Jin Jin is telling the truth!)
I'm sorry for making this fan meeting so dull.
- No, no. - No, that's all right.
What should I do?
- I prepared a special skill. - No, no.
- That's all right. - Don't do it.
- Please calm down. - Why is she saying that?
You have waited long for this.
This the first meeting with Jin Jin on "Hopeful Song at Noon".
Here it goes!
A lot of people are...
- rooting for Jin Jin. - What is that?
- What is this? - We talked about something serious.
- I'd like to... - We got texts at the same time.
- You got it too? - Yes.
- What is this? - Our writers have been busy...
preparing a lot of activities.
Firstly, we'd like to clear up any misunderstandings about Jin Jin.
- Give us a round of applause. - That was in Hong Kong.
Wasn't it?
- Good work. - Great job.
Good work today.
- Jin Jin, everyone loved the show. - Thank you.
- Please come again next time. - We'll see you again.
Sure, invite me again next time.
- Good work, Shin Young. - Good job.
- Goodbye. - Thank you.
Oh, my. Jin Jin.
- Hey, you need to watch this. - Take a look at this.
- This is unbelievable. - This will surprise you.
- Look. - Da Yeong.
You're curious how I handle tabloid articles?
- Yes. - I don't know how.
Pardon?
I see. You don't?
There's no reason for me to handle such articles.
They are not true. All of them are false stories.
All right. Then...
what about Kang Seok and the vice-chairman of Heesung Group?
- Major-leaguer, Woo Kyu Hwan? - Hey, you.
- A lot of people saw you in Boston. - That little witch.
I knew you wouldn't believe me.
- Will you believe me if I say... - All right.
- I've never dated a man? - What?
I've never gone on dates...
nor had boyfriends for that matter.
Come on. Who would believe that?
That was a ridiculous move, Jin Jin. You've never dated?
You've never had a boyfriend?
There's nothing shameful about it.
Is that a bad thing?
- Is it? - No, it's not, but...
Goodness, I can't believe this. She's as sly as a fox.
You've never had a boyfriend.
But that's quite hard to believe.
Really?
Yes.
Darn it.
Okay. Sure.
My stomach!
My stomach.
- My stomach. - What is this?
Darn it.
- Do something! - Yes, sir.
My stomach.
Let go. My stomach. Stop it.
Stop it. Don't say anything.
- Get rid of him. - My stomach!
Don't do anything. Don't.
- My stomach. - What's wrong with him?
Let's take a break.
That's so funny. Hold on.
Hey. They say you have a people's voice.
What?
- Is that good or bad? - Right?
- What will you do? - I don't know.
Oh, my... What's wrong?
What's wrong?
That's not it.
It's my fault.
If I had told you not to come by,
you wouldn't be going through this.
It's my fault. I'm so sorry.
That's not true.
- That's not true. - I'm sorry.
That's not true. Stop it.
- I'm so sorry... - Come on, now. That's not true.
No, right?
- It's okay. It's not, right? - I'm so sorry.
No, it isn't. It's okay.
It's okay.
Why are you crying over something like that?
That's right.
I'm so sorry.
- What should we go eat? - What?
- Sundae? - Sundae.
Right?
Let's go get some sundae.
Stop crying.
(Jin Jin)
Hello?
Were you sleeping? How can you sleep right now?
No, I wasn't.
- What is this? - What?
You said it's nothing to be proud of.
What are you talking about?
I know your specialty. Acting dumb.
Fine. I'll play along.
Bye.
Da Yeong.
You want to know how I deal with tabloids?
What happened between you and President Sung last night?
Nothing happened. Let's give up and just wrap things up.
Wrap what...
You worked day and night on it for months.
Yes, sir.
Anyway,
that video spread quickly.
I know.
You saved my friend.
I didn't do anything.
You saved your friend.
What a beautiful friendship.
I saw Sa Jin Jin again.
I don't know if you'll believe me,
but I've never dated even once.
- What? - This sounds like a lie.
She doesn't lie about things like that.
What?
[VIU Ver] E04 20th Century Boy & Girl "It's Been a Long Time"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Hello? - Are you insane?
I was just about to go in.
You said you were a flight attendant. Why didn't you tell me?
You should've told me right away.
Flight attendants are my dream. You'll introduce me, right?
You can't say you will and then show up yourself.
Hello?
She hung up.
What a jerk.
Hello?
Come in starting next week.
Yes. Just be here by 9am.
Okay, I'll do my best.
Okay. See you tomorrow. Bye.
Mom. Mom?
Mom.
(Desired Salary)
A lawyer..
I'll give you an assignment.
(Desired Salary)
(Desired Salary: Enough to give my father a decent allowance)
Enough to give my father a decent allowance.
- Get rid of him. - My stomach!
Don't do anything. Don't.
- My stomach. - Let's take a break.
It's because of jetlag.
Come out. You're not the only one using the editing room.
- What? - What about the shows?
Let me edit mine.
Right. Yes.
Here.
Isn't your contract with your agency almost over?
- Yes. - Are you considering moving?
- I should go elsewhere. - Where...
If you are considering moving,
the CEO of my agency wants to meet you.
Sure. If you pay me 100 million dollars.
- What? - Then I'll go.
What's that?
(2002)
What is that?
"Universal Feelings"?
- "Universal Feelings"? - Is it a movie?
- Should we watch that? - Yes, let's do that.
(Universal Feelings)
Who's that in the poster?
I think she's an idol singer.
How dare you do this in front of our star?
It's okay. It's okay.
Please leave already, will you?
You watched it all, so go.
Mom, I'm hungry.
Okay. Sit.
Eat up. There's more.
Jin Jin. Here.
Why aren't you eating?
You eat up. Here, have some bulgogi.
It's really good. When did you make it?
Eat your breakfast.
You got a job at a tiny company. You think you're so great?
Darn it.
Man number three, who looks like the singer Jung Yup.
- It's nice to meet you. - Jung Yup.
I thought you were Jung Yup.
- No. - I see.
Jenny, I'm sorry.
Don't.
Love means never having to say you're sorry.
No.
Love means being unable to say you're sorry.
- He's coming! - There.
Next item.
With the ease of taking videos with smartphones,
more people have been illegally filming people...
without their consent.
(Sudden Increase in Harmful Video Leakage)
I'm so hungry.
Those sickos. Seriously.
Show us his face.
- We're leaving now. - Goodnight.
Okay. Goodnight.
Dad's a giraffe.
Whenever you're happy, crying,
or if anything happens,
I'll always protect you.
When I'm not with you,
Jin Jin, Ah Reum, Young Shim,
become giraffes as well and protect each other.
Hello?
Yes.
Seoul Mansion.
He confessed that because people often said...
that his girlfriend looked like a famous actress,
he committed the crime in a moment of anger toward her.
Choi has been arrested for crimes including...
defamation and...
misuse of an information network system.
Next item.
There is a substance that can cause cancer...
- Hi. - Hi.
- It's been a while. - It has.
I moved into the 13th floor.
Oh, I see.
- See you around. - Sure.
That's right, Jin Jin.
You've been single all your life?
How were you single all your life?
Hey.
(Children of 20th Century/20th Century Boy & Girl)
Gong Ji Won?
He's back? Why?
Let's grab dinner sometime. I want to introduce you to someone.
He got married.
She looked like she was dumped.
I'm on my way to dinner. Want to join me?
I'm busy.
Love starts when you watch a movie together.
Jin Jin.
I found these on my way here.